-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



	Space thing.



	After drifting in space for 53 years, during a voyage to a mining comission, the ships interplanetary navigation system is faulted.
	This leads into emergency, our voyager needs to evacuate from the failing spaceship to the nearby planet, which will provide resourses from the existing ruins of an abandoned 
	colonizing attempt - the dangers included. There are still operational security bots, crumbling buildings and the otherwise hostile environment.

	Regardless, the space cadet manages to gather enough parts for a rocket and a wingman to escape from the planet, repairing the space wreck of the spaceship they
	now posess with the ability for interstellar travel.

	Now the urgent news from the failure of the mission needs to be informed for the mining comission leaders, thus gaining enough energy and resources to reach a civilized 
	enough planet. With functioning communication relays upon this voyage they are attacked by an hostile group of space pirates.

	There is the change to decide whether to be good or evil space travelers.

	To give the information regarding the former mission to the pirates, in turn for parts, resources, and an opportunity to join the fleet, or fight gallantly and
	later be rewarded by the S.A.O.A. party.

	Either way, the space cadets gain acces to the map data pointing out nearest headquarters and the former - or still existing - peers gain information about the current status.
	
	The mining comission, space pirates, S.A.O.A have existed for millenias fighting over resources and the lost technologies, which are scattered trough the vastness of space.
	On the forgotten planets, lay plenty of treasures to find for daring adventurers.
	
	The old cyber frame may be upgraded with various upgrades, giving advantage upon hostile enviroments and situations, mobility, and perception.
	
	Companions may receive similar upgrades depending on the "style of play". Also their abilities during space fights and merchanary dispositions may vary according to
	what upgrades are in use. Menacing looking allies will most likely cause the trader to be either scared or awed by their precence, whilst sharp-eyed shooters will provide
	paramount tactical advantages in combat situations. The more crafty companion will surely be of use in upgrading the spaceship, and in the management of faction's
	spacestations, whilst companions with high leadership will be able to boost morale in oppressive situations.

	Energy harvesting and selling from build up colonies, taking what is to be taken or to protect the massive dyson spheres are ways of earning resources. 